[docs] Fixes broken links for FAQ and glossary, and other minor fixes (#20736)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build-reference/variables.mdx

import { Step } from '~/ui/components/Step';
import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

> The [Environment variables in Expo](/guides/environment-variables) guide presents several options for how you can access system environment variables to your app's JavaScript code. This can be a useful way to inject values in your code, but [these values should not be secrets](/guides/environment-variables#security-considerations), and so the value it provides can be summarized as a convenience for accommodating certain development workflows.

Reviewer: Are you sure that this sentence is correct after the update?

Author: You are right, it is not correct. I'll fix this. Sorry about that, and thanks for catching it!

> The [Environment variables in Expo](/guides/environment-variables) guide presents several options for how you can access system environment variables to your app's JavaScript code. This can be a useful way to inject values in your code, but [these values should not be secrets](/guides/environment-variables#security-considerations), and so the value it provides can be summarized as a convenience for accommodating certain development workflows.

Author: ```suggestion
The [Environment variables in Expo](/guides/environment-variables) guide presents several options for accessing system environment variables in your app's JavaScript code. This can be a useful way to inject values in your code, but [these values should not be secrets](/guides/environment-variables#security-considerations), and so the value it provides can be summarized as a convenience for accommodating certain development workflows.
```

Author: @Simek, I updated the sentence. Let me know if it still doesn't sound right.

Reviewer: That sounds better now, thank you for the update! 🙏
